c:\users\pritom\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Bus Shedeul View\Bus Shedeul View\bin\Debug\Bus Shedeul View.exe.config
c:\users\pritom\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Bus Shedeul View\Bus Shedeul View\bin\Debug\Bus Shedeul View.exe
c:\users\pritom\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Bus Shedeul View\Bus Shedeul View\bin\Debug\Bus Shedeul View.pdb
c:\users\pritom\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Bus Shedeul View\Bus Shedeul View\obj\Debug\Bus Shedeul View.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\pritom\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Bus Shedeul View\Bus Shedeul View\obj\Debug\Bus_Shedeul_View.BusUI.resources
c:\users\pritom\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Bus Shedeul View\Bus Shedeul View\obj\Debug\Bus_Shedeul_View.DriverUI.resources
c:\users\pritom\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Bus Shedeul View\Bus Shedeul View\obj\Debug\Bus_Shedeul_View.LoginForm.resources
c:\users\pritom\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Bus Shedeul View\Bus Shedeul View\obj\Debug\Bus_Shedeul_View.LocationUi.resources
c:\users\pritom\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Bus Shedeul View\Bus Shedeul View\obj\Debug\Bus_Shedeul_View.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\pritom\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Bus Shedeul View\Bus Shedeul View\obj\Debug\Bus Shedeul View.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\pritom\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Bus Shedeul View\Bus Shedeul View\obj\Debug\Bus Shedeul View.exe
c:\users\pritom\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Bus Shedeul View\Bus Shedeul View\obj\Debug\Bus Shedeul View.pdb
C:\Users\PRITOM\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Bus Shedeul View\Bus Shedeul View\obj\Debug\Bus_Shedeul_View.UIL.BusShediulUI.resources
C:\Users\PRITOM\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Bus Shedeul View\Bus Shedeul View\obj\Debug\Bus_Shedeul_View.UIL.WelcomeUI.resources
C:\Users\PRITOM\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Bus Shedeul View\Bus Shedeul View\obj\Debug\Bus_Shedeul_View.UIL.LogInUI.resources
C:\Users\PRITOM\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Bus Shedeul View\Bus Shedeul View\obj\Debug\Bus_Shedeul_View.UIL.AddAdminUI.resources
C:\Users\PRITOM\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Bus Shedeul View\Bus Shedeul View\obj\Debug\Bus_Shedeul_View.UIL.ChangedPasswordUI.resources
C:\Users\PRITOM\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Bus Shedeul View\Bus Shedeul View\obj\Debug\Bus_Shedeul_View.UIL.AboutBox1.resources
C:\Users\PRITOM\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Bus Shedeul View\Bus Shedeul View\obj\Debug\Bus_Shedeul_View.UIL.StatusUI.resources
C:\Users\PRITOM\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Bus Shedeul View\Bus Shedeul View\obj\Debug\Bus_Shedeul_View.UIL.ViewAllUI.resources
C:\Users\PRITOM\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Bus Shedeul View\Bus Shedeul View\obj\Debug\Bus_Shedeul_View.UIL.HelperUI.resources
C:\Users\PRITOM\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Bus Shedeul View\Bus Shedeul View\obj\Debug\Bus_Shedeul_View.UIL.TypeOfTripUI.resources
